Task 1 - Blind Spot Test 

It is interesting how the brain can fill in the blind spot based on the surrounding information. Reminds me of the spot-healing tool in Photoshop.
Observing the blind spot with the left eye is strange as you can only ever see it blurred - because the blind spot is of course outside of the 
fovea region and in your peripheral vision. 

Task 2 - Ishihara Colour Test

I got them all correct! 

Task 3 - Reverse Colour 

Unfortunately, this effect didn't work - I wonder if it's because of the ambient light colour of the room, and it being slightly yellow.
This effect works because the cone cells in your eyes, or particularly the ones that detect green and yellow, become fatigued after looking at 
the image for a prolonged period of time. When I suddenly shift my gaze, the cone cells which detect red and blue are not fatigued, but the 
green and yellow ones are. The brain interprets the difference in signals between the red and blue cones, and the green and yellow, as the 
opposite colour, meaning I see the regular American flag. 

Task 4 - Troxler's Fading 

The cells in the retina fire less signals when there are few movements in the environment. Because there is a lack of signals firing, the image can
fade from conscious perception. Staring at the cross/dot in the centre minimises micro-saccades, so the blurred surrounding image is never refreshed 
on the retina. 

Task 5 - Brain sees what it expects 

The tables are the same length, but I perceive the blue table to be longer. The blue table has a perspective such that it is foreshortened, implying
depth that isn't there, because it's a 2D image rather than a 3D scene. If I were to perceive the same image of these tables in real life, in a 
3D environment, the blue table would have to be longer. My brain makes the same assumption even when looking at the 2d image. 

In the second image, I perceive square A to be darker than square B. However, in an editing app, when I remove the squares from the surrounding 
context, it's revealed that they are the same colour. The shadow, the consistent dark and lights of the grid lead my brain to assume that the grid
in shadow is darker. In conclusion, my vision doesn't just interpret brightness based on the raw intensity of light hitting my retina, 
and instead takes into account the surroundings and assumed lighting conditions. 

Task 6 - The Grid Illusion 

Attempted making the grid smaller to try and disprove the retinal ganglion cell theory for this illusion - and the illusion was less visible. 

Task 8 - The Silhouette Illusion 

So strange! initially wasn't working for me but then I covered up the body and just looked at the legs, and the dancer flipped from spinning 
clockwise to anticlockwise. 

Task 9 - The Incomplete Triangles 

I see 8 triangles in this picture. Again, my brain is drawing lines based on the surroundings, as it assumed that there should be continuity in 
the lines and shapes, which form the outline of a triangle. 



